" Hey Sana, come inside. You are missing it.", called out Dhanshu from inside the lake. Dhanshu is one of Kayla's annoying friend with bursting energy levels. 
"No I am fine.", I replied trying not to sound rude. I have never understood why someone would get into lakes or rivers. It is so uncomfortable trying to dry yourself up later. With water as cold as this, you would shiver until your body parts fell off.

The lake had mesmerizing beauty. It was as huge as a sea would be, alas it had to be called lake as it was still a prisoner of land. I sat down on a stone away from all the noise Kayla's friends were making and locked my eyes at the horizon. I imagined being at the farthest point of lake, with water all around me. I imagined how it would be to be all alone at nowhere. At first it was scary even to think about it, but then there was a sense of comfort. May be I am already there in between of nothing. May be my life has been all about being myself in solitude, away from all the dazzle of social life. Anyways, there is no bigger solace for me than diving into mysteries of time and snatching future before it uncovers by itself. I wonder what advancements did Dr. Waqar has made in his search for the ultimate strategy of self- sustainable peace. The more I think, the more it seems like he wants to cover every possible psychological action a human can take. He is trying to tame unpredictability of humans. No machine in this world is as complex as human brain, none. If he does not cover even one of those psychological possibilities, his strategy is bound to fail one day or other. I cannot wait to go back. But now is the worst part of going out - getting bored and waiting for others until they get tired or bored too.

"Hey Sana, don't you want to get into lake. It is refreshing.", it was Kayla from behind me.

"No I am fine. I am enjoying here". No I was not actually.

I heard them making less and less noises now. Finally. I resumed my train of thoughts.

Suddenly I heard Kayla softly say behind me "Oh Sanaaa!!"

I looked back and all of her friends were standing. Before I could understand what was happening all of them lifted me up and threw me into lake
"





I wanted to go back and get my eyelens so I could start reading about what he is doing. By the way I just bought a new eyelens which have pretty cool new features. There is advanced wireless connectivity, better read statistics and analytics to depict what my interest are, high relevance recommendations - machine learning seems to be reaching its terminal point now, but you never know. It also syncs with hand gestures and allow multiple display. Sensitivity to eye movement has also got much better than it used to be few years ago. 
